Welcome back.
Let's figure out how to add CSX and javascript to while our index dot HMO because if you remember we
are using script and CSX and here now once again with flask if we go to let's say CSX we see that there's
static files static files simply means it's a file that's never going to change.
That is CSX in JavaScript.
Usually once we send them out they're not going to change their static and you see over here that with
flask we have to store the files on the false system as static slash style dots.
Yes yes.
So we need to create a static folder.
Again this is something that you just have to get used to but let's say in here we'll create just like
we did with templates we're going to create a static folder so that the floss gap knows to look in here
for CSX and JavaScript files.
So I'm going to move the javascript file to the static folder and do the same with the CSX file so once
again move that to static.
Now if I just say this and run you'll see that it won't actually work
well.
Why is that.
Can you figure it out again because we haven't talked too much about Asia Mellon CSX and JavaScript.
Don't worry if you don't get this.
But if you remember in our index that HMO file we reference to these files inside of here.
But the file parts have now changed.
They're now in the static folder
like this.
So I have to say static script does J.S. fine now go back
and refresh.
Hey look at that.
My beautiful green Web site for let's say this is Christmas Web site is now working.
If I open up the developer tools
go to network and refresh.
Hey check that out.
I have my document.
Then I have my J.S. file.
And why is there no CSX.
Let me refresh again.
Oh there it is right over there.
We have style CSX.
We have J.S. and we have the document awesome.
If you're wondering why we're getting this little fatty Con Air that the con is the little icon that
shows up on tabs over here so we can actually even add our own father icon if we wanted to and send
images in the way we would do that is to again in our End Point blitz instead of the blog.
I'm going to say the con that dot ICL for icon and we can just send it an image.
Mm hmm.
How will we go about doing this.
I'm going to show you the answer in the next video but I want you to give it a try and figure out how
you can send an image back to this end point so that we don't get this error.
And when a browser automatically requests for this which all browsers do it's going to show up a little
icon over here for us.
So pick whatever icon you want and see if I can solve it in the next video I'll show you the answer.